Fix improve usability of file picker (#964)
Lundalogik/lime-elements: src/components/file/file.mdx

> 

Reviewer: You don't have to change it this time, but "documentations" doesn't sound good. It's "documentation" in both singular and plural 🙂

# File

> This component lets end-users select **only one** file from their device storage. Regardless of the user's device or operating system, this component opens up a file picker dialog that allows the user to choose a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component lets end-users select a *single* file from their device storage. Regardless of the user's device or operating system, this component opens up a file picker dialog that allows the user to choose a file.
```

<limel-props name="limel-file" />

## Using correct labels

> This file picker can be used in different contexts. The component's distinct visual design including the upload icon hits end-users that this is not a normal input field like other fileds in the form for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file picker can be used in different contexts. The component's distinct visual design including the upload icon tells end-users that this is not a normal input field like other fields in the form for example.
```

> However, you need to make sure whether you are using a descriptive `label` that clarifies the functionality of the file picker, and or provides users with clear instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you need to use a descriptive `label` that clarifies the functionality of the file picker, and/or provides users with clear instructions.
```

Depending on the context, you may need to avoid labels such as:
- File
- Document

and instead consider using labels like:
- Attach a file
- Upload a file
- Choose a document
- Choose a file

> - and similar...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- and similar…
```
